So let's have a look at the BGP configuration of these rodders and write it to show run Evey's the BGP
configuration on Grado three show run.
Can you see the problem.
What's the problem.
Pause the video.
Now if we need more time to find the problem.
OK so notice here a neighbor 15 1 1 1 remote to tournament system sixty five thousand and four.
That doesn't look right.
Fifteen 1.1 one is in autonomous system.
Number 65000 too.
So what we should have is router BGP sixty five thousand three.
So what we need to do is remove that neighbor.
And what we should configure here is a neighbor relationship going to 65000 and to notices another problem
we don't see the neighbor relationship come up show IP BGP neighbors shows us or maybe relationship
to 17:1 one to as established and going down.
We see a neighbor relationship established to 15 1 1 1 so that it looks better.
The neighbor relationship is established but we should have got a notification back to the neighbor
relationship came up should I be BGP neighbor on route to neighbor relationship 2 8 8 2 8 2 Daughter
1 is established.
So that's Rotto 1 neighbor relationship to 1 1 2.
He's also established so that looks a lot better.
Show IPV GP notice we see network 4 in the writing table and wrote to can now ping the loop back of
rockfall and brought a one show IPB GP that the road appears in the BGP writing table and is also shown
in the periodic table so we should be able to ping the loopback which we can on right for sure.
My PBG p.
We see the loop back of Route 1
and we can ping the loop back of wrote a 1.
So we've solved one of the problems in the network connectivity is now working but another problem is
we don't see output on the con. of these routers
and that's because I turned off
logging con..
I've added this command no logging console to the routers and I did that because otherwise you would
see it was taking place.
So what I'm going to do now is enable logging console on both routers
and I'm going to reintroduce the problem.
So I'm going to configure the neighbor relationship incorrectly.
So what I'm going to do is remove the correct neighbor relationship
and I'm going to make it.
And that should be no.
Notice what happens the neighbor relationship has gone down on both science.
Why not introduce the wrong neighbor relationship.
What we should see is an error like that peer in wrong antonymous system number.
Notice we see hexadecimal values telling us that there's a problem with the neighbor relationship.
And on this side we see that there's a peer neighbor relationship issue wrong autonomous system number.
So I disabled logging so that you wouldn't see that problem which would make it too easy.
So what I did is remove logging to the console to make it more difficult to find the problem in the
real world.
You're going to want to do logging con. all logging terminal so that you log on to the terminal so to
moan like that when you telnet or S-sh to Rodda and in the global configuration we want to have a logging
console so that we see output on the console.
If you see no output.
Don't forget to type to him mon or terminal monitor and make sure that logging Consul is enabled on
the router so that you see what's happening in real time.
Easiest way to test that is to go to a global config mode and type control Z or control it.
You should see this on the console.
If you don't see that that means that a logging to the console is disabled or you on a tenant sessional
S-sh session and you haven't typed terminal monitor.
So we successfully resolved this issue in the network.
Once again Rodda one can ping the loopback of router for we can also use trace routes trace routes to
the loopback of waterfall.
You can see are going to write a to rodded three and then a of.
So that looks good and wrote a for trace route to the loopback of wrote a one that looks good as well
going to rodders 3 router 2 and then Rotto 1.
So we've successfully solved the issues in this network.
So that was an example of troubleshooting BGP.
Remember in BGP both sides have to agree on all values just because I want to be your neighbor.
Doesn't mean that you want to be my neighbor.
When troubleshooting BGP make sure that the autonomous system numbers are configured correctly both
sides have to agree on which IP addresses they will talk to and which Autonomy's system numbers they
will talk to.
I hope you enjoyed this video and I hope you found this troubleshooting lab useful.
So how did you do.
Were you able to solve the problems in this network.